Today I decided that I want to write a report about this project. I'd talk about
the things I've learnt, the challenges I've faced and overcame, those sorts of
things. I also realise that I should have been keeping track of my progress from
the start. I have commit messages but those a just a brief (often very, very
brief) summary of what I did and don't really explain what I was thinking at the
the time and why I did things the way I did. I regret not doing this from the
start but I guess it's better late than never. I also regret not taking more
screenshots. I've still got quite a few features left to implement before I can
call this complete.

I wrote a design weeks ago but haven't really touched it or even looked at it
much since 2020-11-21. There's a warning in their about feature creep and I
think that's what happened on day 1. Feature creep makes the finish line fuzzy.

By implementing a subset of features offered by Discord (or Slack or Messenger),
Iâ€™m able to learn about the underlying technologies used, and the sort of
problems  these applications need to solve. Spending many months trying to
correctly implement every feature of Discord doesn't feel like a good use of my
time. I want something that may not be feature-rich enough to be pleasant to
use, but has enough features to be usable. That's why I've created a prioritized
list of tasks to complete.

Also, I feel like I'm at the stage where I'm starting to lose motivation and
wanting to work on something else. Although, bad planning is probably the cause
of this. I don't know what to do because I didn't plan far enough ahead. My
design document was also rather crude and informal.

Now that I've gotten that out of the way, I can talk about the actual features
that I implemented today.

---

I'm thinking that there should be a UI element that has a list of all groups
that a user is a member of, as well as a button for creating a new group.

I created an API endpoint for creating groups. The endpoint takes a group name
and image URL, then returns the group ID and channel ID, or an error. Now I need
to figure out how the client is going to invoke this.

I'll create the UI element for a list of groups, with the button for creating
a new group. The button will show a dialog box. This will be quite similar to
the code for creating a new channel except that the channel is created using the
socket connection, whereas creating a group is done via a separate endpoint.

I still haven't dealt with the duplication between the three dialog boxes!

Taking notes of my progress seems to help me stay focused. I've already said
this but I regret not starting this earlier. There's another thing I've learnt,
writing down my progress helps me to make progress.

At this stage, group creation seems to be close to complete. What I'm yet to
work out is how to efficiently navigate to the new group. Currently, the page
reloads but I don't think it should.
