If the user is not a member of the group passed to the channel endpoint, the
first group that the user is a member or is chosen. If the channel passed to the
channel endpoint is not in the group, the first channel will be chosen. I
removed the group endpoint and added a root endpoint. This endpoint forwards to
the channel endpoint with a 0 group and 0 channel.

There's still one more thing I need to deal with. If the user isn't a member of
any groups, what do we do? Should probably show a message saying "You're not a
member of any groups. Create a new one or accept an invitation". I guess the
channel page could check if the group list is empty and show that message.

I explored the possibility of wrapping things like GroupID and ChannelID in
strong types to eliminate the possibility of mixing them up. Of course, if you
wrap an integer in a tuple-struct, it's no longer an integer. You can't convert
it to/from SQL/JSON/plaintext anymore. If you want to do all those things, you
either need to wrap and unwrap the integer everywhere (which is very verbose) or
implement the necessary traits for the struct. Wrapping and unwrapping seems to
defeat the purpose of the whole thing so I went down the traits route. I got it
to partially work but it's a massive pain. I'm not going to waste any more time
on this. There's just too much boilerplate for something so simple.

What if you leave a group but stay connected to the socket? The server would
need to disconnect the client and the client would need to handle that
gracefully.

I've been thinking about whether the list of group members should be bundled
with the channel page. It would probably make loading the page faster because
currently, the page has to request /api/user for each user and then wait for
that before it can request the profile picture. It's a bit jarring. If I decide
to do a group member's list then doing this would be a no-brainer.

While I was doing that, I realised that all the image urls were being embedded
in the document but they aren't being preloaded. I generated link elements to
preload the images and that resulted further performance improvements.

I've also been putting off dealing with the UI. I need to work out where to put
things and sort all of that out. I think Bootstrap might be holding me back
because I keep trying to use Bootstrap for as much as possible. Then in a
situation where I can't use Bootstrap, I just don't style that part. Not having
the UI polished is also making it difficult to add features because most
features end up requiring UI. It's the sort of task that probably has the
biggest payoff.

I think I'll do all the CSS without Bootstrap, then once I'm done, I'll drop in
bootstrap where applicable.

Bootstrap is meant to be a starting point, not the finished product. You can
look to Bootstrap for inspiration and then create something based on it. I'm
beginning to think that perhaps I shouldn't use Bootstrap at all. What's more
likely is that I end up using very little of it.
