Yesterday I was working on the dropdown menu that appears under the group title.
There are only two other dropdown menus to do so I think I'll do those today.
Then I can work on the dialog boxes for various things (like deleting groups).

I ran into an interesting problem with showing and hiding the dropdowns. I
wanted them to be toggle when clicking on the edit button, but also hide if you
click anything else. I made the dropdown focusable by giving it a tabindex="-1"
attribute. I give it focus when I show it, and hide it after it loses focus.
That almost works but the problem is that clicking the edit button won't hide
the dropdown. On mousedown, the dropdown loses focus and is hidden, then on
mouse up, the dropdown is toggled so it is shown again. The solution was to do
preventDefault on mousedown if the dropdown is shown. That stops the dropdown
from losing focus so clicking the button toggles if off.

Channels can now be renamed. I realised that the dialog for creating a channel
and renaming a channel would be very similar so I merged them together into one.
There are also a handful of edge cases to deal with when multiple clients are
access the one channel. For example if someone deletes a channel while someone
else has the rename dialog open, the rename dialog should close.

We currently have an error message type for handling all types of errors. From
the type of error, we need to direct it to different places. If there was an
error creating a channel, the error should be directed to the channel creation
dialog for example. Directing the error to the right place currently involves
switching on the error message which worked for a little while... until
different operations started having the same error message. Creating and channel
and renaming a channel both need to validate the channel name and check that
it's unique.

I'm thinking about ways to change this. The error message could have a category
that describes the operation that failed. Or there could be separate message
types for each category. Maybe there could be a message that indicates whether
an operation succeeds or fails.

I decided the define an enum for categories, and an enum for codes. The category
describes the thing that went wrong. The code is exactly what went wrong. This
is a lot better than the old system which wasn't even an enum. It was just
strings.

I realised that hosting images myself might need to be done sooner rather than
later. Is it possible that Google stops allowing me to request profile pictures?
I have DevTools open so caching is disabled. I reload the page many times a day.
There might be rate limits. Occasionally, images fail to load. I think that
might be because of rate limits but I'm not sure. Close to 100 requests per day
for 3 profile pictures from 1 machine probably looks a little suspicious!

Channels can be renamed and notifications are shown when the window is hidden.
This has been a pretty productive day!

I started working on the logout function. It seemed pretty simple until I
realised that I need to handle multiple clients logged into the same account.
I would need to kick all clients that are logged into that account. Maybe I
disallow logging into the same account multiple times. That's probably better
for security too. It should at least be limited to a small number. One is pretty
small!

I'll sleep on it but I'm pretty certain that you should only be able to login
once. I was even unsure about it when I implemented it. It would simplify some
things and I don't plan on making a mobile app to go along with this so there's
really no good reason for it. Although, with the way that notifications
currently work, you can't get notifications from multiple groups unless you have
multiple tabs open.
