Now I want to make it possible to invite members to groups. Before I can do
that, I need to introduce the concept of membership into the database. I need to
keep track of which users are members of which group.

An invitation is a link. The link carries an ID. The ID is the secret so they
can't be sequential IDs. They need to be difficult to guess, like a session ID.
The ID references an object in the database. It should have an expiry date (also
like a session) and the group.

I realised that if a group has no members, there's no way to invite new members
to it. So I guess the only correct thing to do in that situation would be to
delete the group. This is probably not possible to do with foreign key
constraints so it would have to be checked periodically. Similar to how expired
sessions and expired invitations need to be purged on a regular basis.

The endpoint for an invitation is pretty simple. All it would need to do is get
the group ID from the invitation, make the user a member of that group and then
take the user to the group.

We can't just take a user to a group. We need to take them to a channel within a
group. So we need to find a valid channel for the group before we can take them
there. I thought about making the channel endpoint handle this automatically
since it already gets a list of channels for the group. It could just pick the
first one.

I'm not sure how to deal with creating an invitation if an invitation already
exists for a particular group. I think we should return the existing one. Maybe
I could let the user choose? That might seem a little weird. What if the
existing invite expires in one minute so it expires before anyone can use it and
then people complain about broken invite links. Maybe I could tell the user how
much time is left on an existing invite before it expires.

This is all too much complexity. There's no real harm in just creating a new
invite. If the user creates a bunch of invites, they'll expire and be purged so
it doesn't really matter.

I have a button for creating an invitation link but I don't know where to put
it. It would probably make sense to make it a + button on the list of group
members but there is no list of group members and I didn't really plan on having
one. I'll figure it out later when I'm working on styling.

I've been trying to optimize the invitation link. The invite link forwards the
request to the channel endpoint now (rather than redirecting). Forwarding means
that we need some JavaScript do to window.history.replaceState on page load. I
also created a group endpoint that forwards requests to the channel endpoint.

This got me thinking about deleting channels and groups. How is the user going
to get a valid URL to the site? There should probably be a root endpoint that
forwards to the first group in a user's list. If they aren't a member of any
groups then I'm not sure how we'll handle that. Should navigating to a valid
group but invalid channel take the user to the first channel in that group?
Currently, it's a 404. Another option is to show a page that says "that channel
might have been deleted, here's a link to the group". Seems kind of annoying
though. I think I'll forward the user to the first channel in the group.
