Yesterday I made it possible for the user to create groups but I hadn't
implemented a way to navigate between them efficiently.

I want navigating between groups to be almost as fast as navigating between
channels. Changing groups requires resetting the socket connection and fetching
the channels and messages of the group so it won't be quite as fast. Still, I
can make it less flickery and more efficient than reloading the page.

I changed the channel page template to include the list of groups that the user
is a member of, rather than just the one group that they're looking at. This
list can be used to populate the UI element.

To switch groups, there's a process that needs to be completed:
 1. Disconnect the socket for the previous group
 2. Connect to the socket for the new group
 3. Fetch the list of channels for the new group
 4. Fetch the recent messages for the new group
 5. Populate the page with the new data

Maintaining the socket connection might be more efficient but the server caches
the channel list for socket connections. This assumes that one socket connection
will only ever deal with one group. Changing this might be more effort than it's
worth.

This actually turned out much simpler than I thought it was going to be. The
code is already there for handling this. If the socket connection is lost, the
client will try to reconnect. That's been there for ages. When it reconnects, it
will fetch the channels and messages. So all I had to do was disconnect, update
the current group ID, then reconnect. That's it! I love it when simple solutions
just appear out of nowhere.

Now that I have creating groups and navigating between groups, I might spend
some time refactoring.

I've been putting of dealing with the duplication between the three modal
dialogs. I've been considering the options for reusing the code. Slots seem like
the obvious choice. I'll have the three dialog components use a common modal
dialog component in their template and fill in the slots appropriately. That
handles most of the duplicated CSS and HTML but there's still a little bit of
duplicated logic that I'm not sure how to deal with. It probably isn't worth
worrying about for the moment.

I made the time representation of messages update more efficiently. Previously,
each message would have its own setTimeout to update when it needs to. I've
changed it so that there's one centralized data structure that keeps track of
all messages that need their time representation changed. Then there's one
function for updating them all.
