Today I'm going to finish what I started yesterday (or at least make
significant progress).

I'm currently working on change the name and picture of groups. I've looked into
ways of updating all the images when they change on the server. I think I can
put the modified time in the URL. So something like 
`/img/group/6_64.png?1609977036`. The server would ignore the timestamp. It
would only be used for caching purposes. This would allow us to keep images in
the cache for a long time (because they generally don't change very often) but
also update them quickly.

If we still need to maintain and update an image URL then we've lost a major
benefit of hosting images. I said this yesterday, it could be more work than
it's worth. Here's an updated list of pros and cons from yesterday.

**Pros:**
- Images can be optimized and processed ahead of time (instead of on the client
  each time they're loaded). Although the client is able to use CacheStorage to
  cache the processed images. An optimized PNG is only a win the first time it's
  loaded.
- Images can have very long cache lifetimes.

**Cons:**
- The client needs a UI for uploading images to the server.
- The server needs to receive these images and optimize them.
- Signup/login needs to be reworked to download and process the images from
  Google.
- URLs still need to be updated when images change.

**There's no shame in admitting that something is a bad idea.** For a real
application, the effort is worth it but I'm only one person and I don't want to
spend days on this one little thing.

I'm going to undo my changes. Thank god for git! In case I need to do this
again, I opened the git log in CLion. From there I can select a commit and
compare it with the local changes. Then I can look at the diff for every change
and pick the changes that I want to restore. It took a while because as I was
moving towards image hosting, I was also making some other changes that I want
to keep.

Ok, I spent the first half of the day undoing what I did yesterday. Nice.

So I guess I'll keep working on what I was working on... but without dealing
with image hosting.

I think I'm slowly starting to wrap my header around this reactive stuff with
Vue. When the group picture URL changes, we need to run it apply the background
color. So I made the group object reactive. Then I used watchEffect to run the
ImageCompositor when the URL changes and it works perfectly! I can do the same
thing for user picture changes and it should work.

Then there's the question of how the server interface should look. I feel like I
could be overusing the websocket connection. If an operation is successful, we
send a response back. We also tell everyone in the group what happened,
including the client that initiated the request. So what should the successful
HTTP response contain? Should it be empty? Either that or we give each client
their connection ID so they can tell the server who not to notify.

We also need to ensure that a user can only change their name and picture but
that's solved by checking their session ID like we do with pretty much every
operation.

Creating a message gives the sender a message receipt which is different from
what everyone else will get.

This is making me think about using server-sent events instead of web sockets.
Another big change that will require a lot of work and have very little payoff!

What's really bugging me is that a user's messages remain in a group after
they've left. It's just annoying to deal with. I'm wondering whether I should
simply the design so I don't have to deal with it.

It's now possible for user's the change their names and pictures! That was quite
the undertaking. Channels, groups and users can all be renamed. I'm not sure
what I'm going to do now. I haven't done much UI work in a while. Tomorrow I'll
work on the MessageSender and see if I can get that complete. There were some
issues with div vs textarea that I need to sort out. It's difficult to apply a
message length limit with div. But you can't format the contents of a textarea.
Since I don't plan on making it possible to format messages or mention users,
I think textarea is probably a safe bet.

I need to stop thinking of this as being a full product. I want to implement a
complete set of features, not a full product. A full product would have proper
notifications, a mobile app, an image CDN, user roles, etc... That would take
me, one person, at least a year to get done. Probably more. I'm sick of starting
projects that never seem to end. I want to start something and then run it
through to completion. I don't want to give up. That's what I'm afraid of
happening with this project.

Although, most of the work at this point is cleaning up the code and polishing
the UI. The finish line is in sight.

I need to remind myself:

**THIS IS NOT MEANT TO BE A COMPLETE PRODUCT!**
