Alright, MessageSender is going to be cleaned up today!

I used a `textarea` instead of a `div` with `contenteditable`. Getting
`contenteditable` to work how I want it is surprisingly difficult. It made me
realise that I could use markdown but that's a whole can of worms. Parsing
markdown and converting it to HTML doesn't seem that difficult but I'm sure I'll
run into unanticipated problems. I need to stop broadening the scope of this
thing.

This has also made me think about simplifications to this project that make
things easier for myself. I'm still sort of leaning towards anonymizing a user's
messages when they leave a group. It would simplify some things but a real app
wouldn't do it.

For now I'll work on something I'm more sure about. Deleting groups.

When a group is deleted, every online user in the group must have the group
removed from their group list. Users that are logged into the group must be
kicked. Then there's the question of socket vs http. Renaming a group is done
though the socket. Renaming a user is done through http. Creating a group is
done through http.

I realised that when renaming a group, all members of the group need to be
notified. They could be logged into different groups. There isn't an efficient
way to do this with the way the data structures are setup currently. I spent a
while trying to optimize the data structures but I realised that it would
require a lot of work so I rolled back my changes. Limiting users to one
connection would simplify things.

Deleting a group is similar to renaming as it requires notifying all members.

I think I'm reaching a point where all the easy features have been implemented
and all the low-hanging fruit has been picked. The difficult problems that I've
been putting off are the only ones left to solve. From here until the end, this
project is going to be difficult. It's starting to feel more like a chore than a
fun little side project.

Perhaps there's no need to notify all members when a group is renamed or
deleted. Maybe we could just update the group list whenever the user changes
groups. If they click on a deleted group, just take them to some other group.
That's another simplification...
