Motivation is continuing to decline. Last night I was looking at sample web app
ideas. I'm don't want to leave this project in the state that it's in. I want to
push on.

Deleting groups has been implemented. All users that are members of the group
are notified that the group has been deleted. All users that are logged into the
group are kicked. This causes the page to reload and takes them to some other
group.

There are only a handful of features that I implement before I move on to a new
project. Deleting users and leaving groups. Beyond that, maybe a little bit of
UI polish, bug fixes and refactoring. Then I was planning on writing a report so
I'll probably do that. I've learnt so much on this project but now it's getting
to the point where the rate of learning has decreased and I'm working through
tedious tasks.

If I was to start this project over, I would definitely do things differently
which shows that I've learnt from it. I'd rather start something new than
rewrite this.

About leaving groups, I've finally decided that I want to anonymize messages
when users leave.

I feel like I'm saying the same thing. As this project grows in complexity, the
number of bugs and missing features piles up. It grows to a point where it's
just too much. I'm not really learning much beyond this point. I've just dealing
with tedious bug fixes to a complex system. I'm kind of over it. The end is
nigh. Next week I'll probably abandon this project and work on something else.
That's not to say that I'll never work on this ever again. I might come back to
it one day.

Deleting users has been implemented. Leaving a group has also been implemented.
Once deleting users was done, leaving a group was pretty straight forward. For
both of them, we need to kick the user from the group and notify users logged
onto the group that the user has left.
