Last night I realised that even if we limit each user to one login, we still
need to find the right connection and close it when they logout. I'm not really
sure about the specifics of how to do this. Since the connection is managed by a
future, I would need to communicate with that future somehow. I'm not too sure
how to do it.

This morning, it turned out to be pretty simple. I just need to find the right
Sender, and close it. That's it. Although, finding the right sender isn't done
in the best way. It involves iterating through each group, trying to find which
groups the user is logged into.

Yesterday I also thought about whether a user should be able to login multiple
times and it seemed like restricting this to one login would simplify things.
I don't think it will that much. It would just mean that we stop searching after
we find the group that the user is connected to. It also seems like a harsh
restriction if the only way to get notifications (currently) is to have the
group open in a tab.

I'm running into more problems with logging out. We need to delete the user's
session. However, a user might have multiple sessions so we need to delete all
of them. I also realised that there's no need to delete the session cookie. An
invalid session cookie and one that doesn't exist are handled the same for most
operations. So we find all sessions and delete them, then find all web socket
connections and close them.

I realised that renaming groups is similar to renaming channels. I can even
repurpose the group create dialog for renaming like I did with channels.
Although changing the picture is another thing I'll have to deal with. I left it
sort of unfinished because it's gonna become obsolete when I deal with image
hosting (which might be tomorrow if I'm up for the task!).

Late last night I had an idea for a name. Not Discord. It seemed pretty funny at
the time. I still like it. Although it's not really going to make much of a
difference. I mean, it won't appear in the address bar. There also isn't a title
anywhere on the page. I think the login page might mention the name. Actually,
the login page says "this app".

Yesterday was very productive. Today wasn't. I don't know why my productivity
seems to fluctuate so much. Tomorrow should be a productive day. I'll be doing
the thing I've been wanting to do for days now and that's hosting images on the
server. I should be interesting.